this is the external elevator at the
Hilton Hotel in Atlanta Georgia and it
just left but this one came
it's a Westinghouse ogo Nikolai's roof
and here we go
you can see our reflection
some better a great you it does
off to the distance there if you look
over the apartment building to the top
that are like the triangle place you
know what is it
that's a tournament about the top floor
believe now let's go back to Trader
Vic's
there's 191 Peachtree Tower
you can see the georgia-pacific building
I want to continue on down at Trader
Vic's I'm gonna do a cab for you from
the second floor to there
this is a second floor
now it's a little bit dark to do a cab
here so
but you can see the other elevator there
here go back up going up
I wanted you to have viewers light
send it on up all the way going up
these are the fixtures aren't here look
up at the ceiling and who do you see and
you can see the tennis court too
there's the air-conditioner Heinie's get
hot during the summer all right let's go
on down the two
this is the restaurant
there's someone wondering what I'm doing
you can see how there's the roof of the
hotel that right there is interstate 85
right interstate 75 85 which is our
Downtown Connector
here on the 15th floor and nice view of
downtown Atlanta hand wrap
the top of that is a in this club yep
not inches lower
going now
americo's